Edits for issue #42 (#56)
autonity/docs.autonity.org: content/docs/reference/api/_index.md

  Autonity Contract Interfaces and JSON-RPC APIs provided by the Autonity Go Client
---

{{< card header="**Helper libraries**" title="Useful helpers for working with RPC" >}}

> Interface usage and examples are shown using the Autonity Utility Tool ([aut](/account-holders/setup-aut/)). RPC is also used for calls reading state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interface usage and examples are shown using the Autonity Utility Tool ([aut](/account-holders/setup-aut/)). RPC through curl are also used for calls reading state.
```
